be more explicit about non-root user (#7715)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/includes/permission-warning.mdx

  
  Generally:

>   1. We discourage using `sudo` in production environments unless it's needed. You can run the auth, proxy, application access, kubernetes access, and database access teleport components as a non-root user. Only the teleport ssh service requires root access.

Reviewer: Maybe this?

```suggestion
  1. We discourage using `sudo` in production environments unless it's needed.
  2. You can run Teleport's auth, proxy, application access, Kubernetes access, and database access services as a non-root user - only the SSH/node service requires root access. You will, however, also need root permissions (or the `CAP_NET_BIND_SERVICE` capability) to make Teleport listen on a port numbered < 1024 (e.g. 443)
```

...and bump the numbers below accordingly.
